[News From United Arab Emirates](https://github.com/UAE-Camel/News)
==========


📆 PublishDate: `2022-12-22 14:54:43 UTC`


> ## Federal Tax Authority reminds taxpayers to benefit from administrative penalty re-determination facility before 31st December
>
> - The Federal Tax Authority (FTA) is calling on registered taxpayers to benefit from the facility to re-determine administrative penalties on tax violations to be 30 percent of the total outstanding amount of administrative penalties that were not paid before 28th June, 2021.
> - The facility has a set deadline and that taxpayers who are eligible to benefit from the decision must complete all related procedures through the EmaraTax portal before 31st December, 2022.
> - The Decision outlined three conditions that need to be met in order to benefit from the re-determination of administrative penalties imposed before 28th June, 2021.
> - Registrants can visit their Amnesty Dashboard on their EmaraTax accounts and follow the process to make the payment.
> - The Authority explained that in order to ensure the smooth and accurate implementation of the mechanism to re-determine administrative fines, those concerned can view the general clarification issued about the Decision on the FTA website.


##### 📝 ATTENTION

###### **Attention!** This is an AI-powered news generator that produces articles based on current events. Please be aware that the content generated may not always be factually accurate or unbiased. It is important to verify the information provided before sharing or acting on it. Use at your own risk.
