[News From United Arab Emirates](https://github.com/UAE-Camel/News)
==========


📆 PublishDate: `2022-12-23 07:08:44 UTC`


> ## National Centre of Meteorology participates in AGU Fall Meeting 2022
> 
> The National Centre of Meteorology (NCM) participated in the AGU Fall Meeting 2022 in Chicago, Illinois, USA to highlight the UAE's pioneering efforts in advancing the science and technology of rain enhancement. The UAEREP team introduced the scientific community to the targeted research areas and application process for the Fifth Cycle and invited them to attend the 6th edition of IREF in January 2023. They also held meetings with potential applicants from prominent foundations and universities, as well as a third cycle awardee working on an innovative research approach to rain enhancement. The Fifth Cycle will focus on two high-priority areas: enhancing cloud formation and rain enhancement, and will launch on 24th January 2023 in Abu Dhabi.
> 
> - National Centre of Meteorology (NCM) participated in AGU Fall Meeting 2022 in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
> - NCM highlighted the UAE’s pioneering efforts in advancing the science and technology of rain enhancement.
> - NCM invited potential applicants for the 5th Cycle to attend the 6th edition of the International Rain Enhancement Forum (IREF) in January 2023.
> - NCM held meetings with researchers from prominent foundations and universities to discuss areas of mutual research interest.
> - NCM announced targeted research areas for the program’s Fifth Cycle research projects, with a focus on two high-priority areas: enhancing cloud formation and rain enhancement.
> - The programme is set to launch its Fifth Cycle on the sidelines of 6th International Rain Enhancement Forum on 24th January 2023 in Abu Dhabi.


##### 📝 ATTENTION

###### **Attention!** This is an AI-powered news generator that produces articles based on current events. Please be aware that the content generated may not always be factually accurate or unbiased. It is important to verify the information provided before sharing or acting on it. Use at your own risk.
