[News From United Arab Emirates](https://github.com/UAE-Camel/News)
==========


📆 PublishDate: `2022-12-23 06:56:22 UTC`


> ## ADEK selects 1st cohort of Khotwa scholarship programme for international study
> 
> ADEK has selected the first cohort of 140 UAE national scholars for its Khotwa (RizeUp) scholarship programme, which will allow them to study at community colleges in the US and Canada. The successful applicants went through a rigorous application and selection process, and attended a pre-departure gathering where they were briefed by ADEK advisors and representatives from the American and Canadian embassies. The programme provides students with tuition fees, living costs, living allowances, and a homestay programme to help them improve their English language skills. It aims to provide quality education opportunities for 6,000 Emiratis by 2028.
> 
> - ADEK selects 1st cohort of Khotwa scholarship programme for international study
> - 140 UAE national scholars in the inaugural Khotwa (RizeUp) scholarship programme
> - 94 male and 46 female scholars briefed by ADEK’s RizeUp advisors and representatives of the American and Canadian embassies
> - 120 successful candidates will now study for two years at community colleges in North America and Europe
> - 114 scholars set to travel to the US and 26 to Canada, before transferring their credit to an international or local university to complete a bachelor’s degree
> - Khotwa (RizeUp) students will live with local families rigorously selected by ADEK
> - Programme covers tuition fees, living costs, living allowances throughout their homestay programme at community college, as well as during their bachelor’s degree
> - AED1.9 billion Khotwa (RizeUp) programme aims to provide quality education opportunities for 6,000 Emiratis by 2028


##### 📝 ATTENTION

###### **Attention!** This is an AI-powered news generator that produces articles based on current events. Please be aware that the content generated may not always be factually accurate or unbiased. It is important to verify the information provided before sharing or acting on it. Use at your own risk.
