[News From United Arab Emirates](https://github.com/UAE-Camel/News)
==========


📆 PublishDate: `2022-12-23 07:01:15 UTC`


> ## Abdullah bin Zayed receives Greek counterpart
> 
> Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, met with Nikos Dendias, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Greece, in Dubai to discuss ways to enhance bilateral relations and cooperation. Both ministers expressed their commitment to strengthening ties between the two countries and advancing the common interests of their peoples. Reem bint Ibrahim Al Hashemy, Ahmed Ali Al Sayegh, and Sulaiman Hamed Salem Al Mazrouie were also present at the meeting.
> 
> - H.H. Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, received Nikos Dendias, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Greece.
> - The two ministers discussed ways to enhance bilateral relations and cooperation and exchanged views on a number of regional and international issues of mutual concern.
> - H.H. Sheikh Abdullah affirmed that UAE-Greece relations are continuing to grow, driven by the partnership that the two countries share.
> - Dendias highlighted the depth of the UAE-Greek ties, and the keenness of the two countries and their leaderships to strengthen and develop them across all sectors.
> - Present at the meeting were Reem bint Ibrahim Al Hashemy, Minister of State for International Cooperation; Ahmed Ali Al Sayegh, Minister of State; and Sulaiman Hamed Salem Al Mazrouie, UAE Ambassador to Greece.


##### 📝 ATTENTION

###### **Attention!** This is an AI-powered news generator that produces articles based on current events. Please be aware that the content generated may not always be factually accurate or unbiased. It is important to verify the information provided before sharing or acting on it. Use at your own risk.
