[News From United Arab Emirates](https://github.com/UAE-Camel/News)
==========


📆 PublishDate: `2022-12-23 07:09:17 UTC`


> ## 25,000 Emirati women entrepreneurs own 50,000 trade licences valued at AED 60 billion in 2021
> 
> This report found that 25,000 Emirati women entrepreneurs own 50,000 trade licences valued at AED 60 billion in 2021. The UAE has taken steps to ensure gender parity through legal, policy and institutional measures, and the number of female entrepreneurs is rising significantly. The report also revealed that 77.6 percent of women-owned businesses are led by those under the age of 40, 48.8 percent are CEOs and 61.4 percent are sole proprietors. It also highlighted the challenges faced by women entrepreneurs such as lack of access to markets and finance, as well as high market competition.
> 
> - 25,000 Emirati women entrepreneurs own 50,000 trade licences valued at AED 60 billion in 2021.
> - 77.6 percent of women-owned businesses (WOB) in the UAE are led by those under the age of 40.
> - 48.8 percent are CEOs and 61.4 percent are sole proprietors.
> - The UAE was ranked top in the world in the 2021/2022 Global Entrepreneurship Mentorship (GEM) report in terms of countries that allow for better ease of doing business.
> - 13 percent are co-owners with more than 51 percent of shares, and 25 percent are business leaders with less than 51 percent of shares.
> - 72 percent of WOBs comprise micro-enterprises, 24 percent are small enterprises and 3 percent are medium enterprises.
> - 41.2 percent of female business leaders stated that the main challenge they face in the UAE is the lack of access to markets; 38.8 percent noted access to finance, while 33.5 percent noted high market competition.


##### 📝 ATTENTION

###### **Attention!** This is an AI-powered news generator that produces articles based on current events. Please be aware that the content generated may not always be factually accurate or unbiased. It is important to verify the information provided before sharing or acting on it. Use at your own risk.
